This project will be a simulation of texas hold em' poker. It will be played on the command line. Since there are no graphics everything 
must be formatted using setw and fixed.
Parts of my program. 

Objects:
!Phase1!
Deck:
    To be simulated using a 1D array with 52 values.
player hand:
    To be simulated with 2 variables card1 and card2 that hold a unique value gathered from the deck array and shown on the command line
opponent hand:
    The same as the player hand but noe shown on the command line
river:
    to be simulated with 5 variable community1, community2, community3, community4, community5, containing values gathered from the deck array. There will be 2 methods used:
    Flop to pull 3 cards to the community, fourthstreet to pull another card and river to pull the fifth

!Phase2!
Money: player money, big blind, low blind, bet, betincrease, betValid pot, betValid All varibles to hold ints

Methods:
!Phase1!
    Flop: pull 3 cards from deck array and place them on command line
    fourthstreet: pull another card and put it on command line
    river: pull a fifth card and put it on command line
    bet menu: menu at any time that decides whether to bet, fold, call, check
    bet: increase betVa by bet, then prompt opponent for call or bet
    call: match bet and run betValid
    betValid: increase pot by amount passed ot it
    fold: forfeit bet and go to menu
!phase2!
    opponent bet, call, fold, based on random number generator multiplied by x where x is weight based on game play
    card randomization, randomize deck array either before deal or as cards are pulled from array


step 1:
Create a deck array and print values, then assign values to player hand and opponent hand variables
Since an array can only hold one type of value each card will be represented by just a number. I will use either parallel arrays to simulate suite or a function that
    translates this for the user. 
create method fro river pulls, dont worry about deck randomization yet

#Pins#
Figure if there is a way to use encoding other than ascii to output heart symbol and others
If i use a do while statement to run my program I need to use pop_back to empty array, I also need
to reassign my deck values